Add docs (#1)
IntuitiveWebSolutions/gen3-template: public/README.md

## `public`

Any files that you want copied over to `dist/` during the build step can be put into this folder.

#### `index.html`

During development, `index.html` is used by Vue-CLI's Webpack configuration as the HTML template for the project. This file can be customized according to the project's requirements. Updating the content of the `title` tag to match the project's name  would be a good start.

> **Note:** Changes made to the `index.html` template won't make a difference in production because of the way this project is included into Gen2 pages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** The `index.html` file is not used in production; rather, the project files are required in the Gen2 server-side rendered page (for more information see the [Deploying](/docs/deploying.md) section) section. The `index.html` file is used to local development only. 
```
